[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
[nervous breaths]
>> Guame: SO I HEARD THAT
ADIANE BLEW IT.
>> Cytomander: SHE WENT OVER
OUR HEADS AND BOASTED IN FRONT
OF THE SPIRAL KING.
SHE WILL NOT COME CRAWLING
BACK NOW.
>> Guame: WOULD YOU DO ME THE
HONOR OF LETTING ME STRIKE NEXT?
>> Cytomander: [gasps]
>> Lordgenome: GUAME...
YOU TOO?
>> Guame: WHAT CONCERNS ME
MOST OF ALL, SIRE,
IS THIS MINIATURE GUNMEN OF
UNKNOWN TYPE THAT THEY USE.
YOU SEE, IT’S BEEN WIDELY
REPORTED THAT WHEN IT COMBINES
TO BECOME GURREN LAGANN, IT
EXHIBITS A HOST OF EXTRAORDINARY
POWERS IT SHOULD NOT POSSESS.
>> Lordgenome: YOU THINK YOU
KNOW WHAT IT IS, DON’T YOU?
THE HUMANS HAVE MANAGED TO
UNCOVER SOMETHING THEY
SHOULDN’T HAVE.
THAT IS ALL IT AMOUNTS TO.
>> Guame: WHATEVER YOU THINK IT
IS, IT CAN’T BE BRUSHED OFF
SO EASILY.
INDULGE ME, SIRE.
>> Lordgenome: GUAME, YOU DARE
TELL ME WHAT TO DO?
>> Cytomander: THAT WAS
A BOLD MOVE BACK THERE!
THERE ARE FEW IN THIS WORLD WHO
CAN MAKE THE SPIRAL KING DO
ANYTHING.
IN THAT ONE REGARD, YOU ARE
TRULY SUPERIOR.
>> Guame: IT’S BECAUSE THAT
MINIATURE GUNMEN MAY VERY WELL
TURN OUT TO BE AN INCREDIBLE
FIND.
AND BESIDES, HE AND I GO BACK
QUITE A LONG TIME.
>> Cytomander: YOU’RE GOING UP
AGAINST A BUNCH OF
BATTLE‐HARDENED BARBARIANS.
THERE’S JUST NO TELLING WHAT
THEY’LL COME UP WITH.
>> Guame: NEEDLESS TO SAY, I
HAVE A PLAN.
>> Cytomander: [chuckles]
YES, OF COURSE.
YOU’RE JUST AS SHREWD AS EVER.
>> Nia: HEY, EVERYONE!
>> Kittan: YEAH?
>> Nia: WHAT’S THIS STUFF HERE?
>> Kittan: IT’S GARBAGE.
IT’S A TRASH HEAP, OBVIOUSLY.
>> Nia: YES, BUT THIS BELONGS
TO SIMON.
IT ISN’T RIGHT!
>> Kittan: COME ON.
HE’S A LOST CAUSE.
HE’S TURNED INTO A SPINELESS KID
WHO’S GOOD FOR NOTHING
BUT DIGGING.
HE’D BE BETTER OFF GOING BACK TO
GIHA VILLAGE.
>> Nia: BUT HE’S‐‐
>> Yoko: FACT IS, THERE’S NO
PLACE HERE FOR SOMEBODY WHO
CAN’T PULL HIS OWN WEIGHT.
IF YOU REALLY WANNA HELP SIMON,
JUST DON’T CODDLE HIM.
>> Nia: CODDLE HIM?
>> Yoko: HE NEEDS TO SNAP
HIMSELF OUT OF THIS FUNK,
OR IT’LL NEVER HAPPEN.
>> Nia: IS THIS THAT BRO PERSON
YOU MENTIONED?
>> Simon: AAH!
I’M CRAZY, AREN’T I?
>> Nia: NO, SIMON, YOU AREN’T
CRAZY.
WHEN HE’S SET IN STONE LIKE
THIS, EVEN I CAN SEE IT.
I CAN SEE BY ALL THIS HOW MUCH
YOU REALLY CARE FOR THIS PERSON.
>> Simon: YEAH, WELL, DIGGING
TUNNELS IS ALL I’M REALLY
GOOD FOR.
BACK IN OUR VILLAGE,
EVERYONE SAID I WAS CREEPY
OR THAT I SMELLED FUNNY.
BRO WOULD ALWAYS HANG OUT
WITH ME.
HE WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO DIDN’T
MAKE FUN OF ME OR MAKE ME
FEEL BAD.
HE WAS TOUGH AND KIND,
AND HE WAS BIG.
I WANTED TO BE A MAN
JUST LIKE BRO.
I REALLY TRIED TO BE, BUT I
GUESS IT WAS NO USE.
THE TRUTH IS I CAN NEVER BE
LIKE BRO.
>> Nia: YOU’RE REALLY GOOD!
>> Simon: UH, R‐‐REALLY?
>> Nia: MAY I STAY AND WATCH FOR
A WHILE LONGER?
>> Simon: SURE.
>> Girl: AAH!
PLEASE, YOU HAVE TO HELP US!
IT’S AWFUL!
OUR VILLAGE IS BEING ATTACKED
BY A LOT OF GUNMEN!
PLEASE HELP!
WE ARE JUST DEFENSELESS GIRLS!
together: OH!
THE GUNMEN ARE ALMOST UPON US!
AAH!
>> Kittan: THOSE POOR GIRLS!
WE NEED TO HELP ’EM RIGHT AWAY!
>> Ron: I GUESS I COULD FIND OUT
WHERE THEY ARE.
>> Dayakka: IT ALL SMELLS
AWFULLY FISHY TO ME.
>> Artenborough: IT STINKS?
IT SMELLS?
>> Ron: YOU KNOW, THE ENEMY
IS SURE TO HAVE PICKED UP
THAT TRANSMISSION, TOO.
>> Kinon: AND WOULD PEOPLE
UNDERGROUND HAVE COMMUNICATION
EQUIPMENT LIKE THAT?
>> Kittan: EVERYONE SHUT UP!
QUIT WORRYING ABOUT ALL THE
DETAILS!
DO YOU WANT THOSE BABES TO GET
COMPLETELY WIPED OUT WHILE WE’RE
STANDING AROUND, ARGUING?!
IF KAMINA WERE HERE, HE’D SET
OUT TO RESCUE THEM WITHOUT
A SECOND THOUGHT!
>> Ron: THAT’S RIGHT.
HE WOULDN’T HAVE HESITATED
FOR A MOMENT.
>> Kittan: YEAH, LIKE I JUST
SAID, RIGHT!
DAI‐GURREN, MOVE OUT!
>> Kittan: THAT’S THE VILLAGE
ENTRANCE.
>> Dayakka: THEY’VE GOT FIVE
GUNMEN.
AND DON’T FIRE THE MAIN CANNON
YET.
>> Artenborough: FIRE!
>> Kittan: IDIOT, THERE’S A
WHOLE VILLAGE UNDER THERE!
DON’T OPEN FIRE, YOU STUPID
DUMB‐ASS!
>> Artenborough: SORRY.
COULDN’T HELP MYSELF.
>> Kinon: THE ENEMY GUNMEN
ARE ALL RETREATING.
>> Artenborough: YEAH, SWEET!
JUST AS I PLANNED IT!
>> Kittan: ALL RIGHT, LET’S GO
SEE IF THOSE BABES ARE SAFE!
[murmuring, chattering]
>> Kittan: IT’S NOTHING BUT HOT
YOUNG BABES!
>> Ron: WHAT A DREADFUL VILLAGE.
>> Girl: THANK YOU!
BECAUSE OF YOU, OUR VILLAGE
HAS BEEN SAVED FROM DESTRUCTION!
>> Dayakka: NO NEED TO THANK US.
AFTER ALL, THE SPIRAL KING IS
EVERYONE’S ENEMY.
>> Kittan: STILL, FROM WHAT
WE’VE SEEN, THERE DOESN’T SEEM
TO BE A SINGLE MAN HERE.
HOW, EXACTLY, DID THAT HAPPEN?
>> Girl: WELL, YOU SEE,
I DON’T KNOW HOW TO TELL
YOU THIS BUT...
>> Beastman: HEH HEH!
STAY WHERE YOU ARE AND DON’T
MOVE, HUMANS!
>> Kittan: IMPOSSIBLE!
ALL THIS WAS JUST A BEASTMEN
TRICK?
>> Ron: WE TOLD YOU IT WAS
FISHY.
>> Kittan: YOU BASTARD!
[guns clicking]
>> Yoko: WHAT THE HELL WERE
YOU THINKING, MORON?
>> Beastman 2: SIR,
DAI‐GUNZAN HAS BEEN SECURED.
WE’LL NOW BEGIN SEARCHING THE
AREA FOR NIA AND THE MINIATURE
GUNMEN.
>> Guame: VERY WELL.
AND PUT YOUR BACKS INTO IT.
>> Beastman 2: YES, SIR.
>> Guame: BEASTMEN ARE THEIR
ENEMY, SO THEY ASSUME ALL
HUMANS WILL BE THEIR ALLIES.
WHAT FOOLS.
IT LOOKS TO ME LIKE THEY’RE
SO STUPID THEY, DON’T EVEN KNOW
WHO THEIR NUMBER ONE ENEMY IS.
>> Beastman 3: QUIT RESISTING
US, YOU LITTLE PUNK!
YOU’RE PRINCESS NIA, AREN’T YOU?
GENERAL GUAME SAYS HE WANTS
TO SEE YOU RIGHT AWAY.
>> Nia: GUAME?
VERY WELL THEN, I WILL SEE HIM.
BUT FIRST PROMISE NOT TO HURT
THIS PERSON.
>> Beastman 1: RELAX, LADY.
WE HAVEN’T BEEN ORDERED
TO KILL ANYONE YET.
>> Simon: N‐NIA!
>> Beastman 3: STAY PUT!
>> Nia: DON’T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I’LL BE FINE, ALL RIGHT?
>> Simon: BUT, NIA...
>> Nia: YOU KNOW...
YOU’LL NEVER BE YOUR BRO.
I THINK YOU SHOULD ALWAYS
BE YOURSELF.
[giggles]
>> Simon: [whimpering]
>> Beastman 3: YOU’RE WITH ME.
NOW COME ALONG.
>> Simon: NIA...
>> Kittan: DAMN IT!
LET GO OF ME, YOU FURBALL!
>> Guame: HUMANS!
NO MANNERS AT ALL.
IT’S "MR. FURBALL" TO YOU.
I’M GUAME, THE IMMOVABLE,
ONE OF THE FOUR GENERALS OF
THE SPIRAL KING!
AND I AM TAKING BACK DAI‐GUNZAN.
BUT FIRST I’M GOING TO EXECUTE
YOU PUBLICLY AS A WARNING TO
THE OTHERS.
STAY IN HERE UNTIL WE’RE READY
FOR YOU!
THE SPIRAL KING HAS ISSUED
ORDERS TO HAVE YOU ELIMINATED.
>> Nia: THEN I GUESS THAT MEANS
WHAT ADIANE SAID IS TRUE?
>> Guame: YES, INDEED, IT IS.
YOU REALIZE THAT IF YOU’D DIED
IN THAT BOX IN THE VALLEY,
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A QUIET,
PAINLESS DEATH.
HI MAJESTY IS IMBUED WITH
IMMORTALITY AND HAS LIVED FOR
A THOUSAND YEARS OR MORE.
CREATING AND RAISING CHILDREN
IS A PASTIME FOR HIM.
HE DISPOSES OF THOSE HE TIRES
OF, AS HE WOULD A DOLL.
THAT’S ALL THERE IS TO IT.
>> Nia: LIKE A DOLL?
>> Guame: NOW I’VE BEEN TOLD
YOU ACTUALLY ASKED HIM STRAIGHT
TO HIS FACE, "WHY WAS I BORN?"
THAT WAS A BAD MOVE.
HIS MAJESTY DETESTS HUMAN
SELF‐AWARENESS.
BUT WHO CAN BLAME HIM?
WHY WOULD A PUPPET, A SIMPLE
PLAYTHING, NEED SELF‐AWARENESS?
>> Nia: SO I’M...
I’M JUST LIKE THAT DOLL.
>> Guame: [laughs]
WELL, TRUTH BE TOLD, YOU ARE FAR
TOO LOVELY TO DO AWAY WITH.
I’VE GIVEN SOME THOUGHT OF
FINDING A WAY FOR YOU TO
CONTINUE LIVING.
WOULD YOU BE INTERESTED IN BEING
VILLAGE CHIEF?
>> Nia: VILLAGE CHIEF?
>> Guame: WHY NOT?
THE GIRLS HERE COME FROM
VILLAGES FAR AND WIDE, AND WE
NEED SOMEONE TO TAKE THEM
UNDER WING AND TEACH THEM ALL
ABOUT PROPER ETIQUETTE AND
DECORUM BEFORE THEY’RE SENT OFF
TO THE PALACE TO BEGIN THEIR
TIME IN THE SERVICE OF
HIS MAJESTY.
>> Nia: WHAT KIND OF SERVICE?
WHAT BECOMES OF THEM AFTER
THEY’RE SENT TO LIVE
WITH THE KING?
>> Guame: THE SPIRAL KING
LAVISHES THEM WITH HIS
AFFECTIONS.
IT’S A FAIR EXCHANGE.
THEY GET TO EXPERIENCE LUXURY
THEY COULD NEVER EVEN DREAM OF
KNOWING LIVING IN THEIR
UNDERGROUND HOVELS.
[Nia gasps]
>> Nia: THE GIRLS WHO ARE SENT
AWAY TO BE WITH THE KING,
THEY’RE DOLLS TOO, RIGHT?
>> Guame: YES, THAT’S RIGHT.
AND SOMEDAY THEY’LL BE DISCARDED
EXACTLY LIKE YOU WERE!
[Guame laughing]
[laughter echoes]
[screaming]
[grunting, yelling]
[commotion]
>> Kittan: DON’T UNDERESTIMATE
THOSE WHO WERE RAISED
UNDERGROUND!
WE’LL BUST OUTTA THIS PLACE IN
NO TIME FLAT!
>> Jorgun: THAT HURT!
>> Balinbow: BRAIN HURT!
[moaning, crying out]
>> Ron: IT’S NO USE!
ALL WE’RE DOING IS HURTING
OURSELVES.
>> Yoko: THIS BEDROCK IS
INCREDIBLY TOUGH!
IT’S LIKE NOTHING I’VE SEEN!
>> Kiyal: IT’S HOPELESS.
OUR BODIES WILL GIVE OUT BEFORE
THAT ROCK.
>> WE HAVEN’T SO MUCH
AS SCRATCHED IT.
>> Ron: IT’S ENOUGH TO MAKE YOU
DESPAIR.
>> Dayakka: IS THIS THE END
FOR US?
>> Kittan: IF ONLY KAMINA WAS
HERE.
>> Yoko: SO THIS IS WHAT
HE MEANT.
KAMINA ONCE SAID TO ME...
"HE’S ALWAYS THE ONE WHO SAVES
MY ASS.
HE’S ALWAYS THE ONE WHO NEVER
GIVES UP, NEVER."
>> Kittan: HE DID?
>> Kamina: IT WASN’T GOING WELL.
MY CONFIDENCE WAS SHOT, AND I
THOUGHT WE WERE HEADING IN THE
WRONG DIRECTION.
I FREAKED OUT AND KEPT ASKING
MYSELF, "WHY DID MY DAD MAKE IT
UP TO THE SURFACE AND I CAN’T?"
HONESTLY, I WAS JUST ACTING
TOUGH.
EVERYONE WAS WHINING, AND THEY
STOPPED DIGGING.
I GUESS I WAS FINALLY AT THE END
OF MY ROPE.
BUT SIMON, HE KEPT ON DRILLING
AWAY.
HIS DRILLING LET ME PUT ON
A BRAVE FACE.
BY DUMB LUCK, HE BROKE THROUGH
THE LAST BOULDER RIGHT THEN.
WE GOT REALLY LUCKY.
BUT I HAVE FAITH
IN ALL THAT LUCK...
AND IN SIMON, WHO BROUGHT US
THAT LUCK IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WHENEVER I FEEL TIMID AND WEAK
OR FEEL LIKE I’M LOSING
CONFIDENCE...
I PICTURE THE SIGHT OF HIS BACK
ALL HUNCHED OVER, DIGGING AWAY.
I THINK TO MYSELF, "I REFUSE TO
BE LAUGHED AT BY THAT BACK."
LISTEN, SIMON.
NEVER FORGET THIS.
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
NOT IN THE SIMON THAT I HAVE
FAITH IN.
NOT IN THE KAMINA THAT YOU
BELIEVE IN, EITHER.
BELIEVE IN THE SIMON...
>> Simon: WHO BELIEVES IN YOU!
[gasps]
LAGANN?
LAGANN!
>> Beastman 4: WAIT A MINUTE.
WAS THERE A HOLE HERE BEFORE?
>> Beastman 2: GENERAL GUAME,
THERE’S NO SIGN OF THE
MINIATURE GUNMEN ANYWHERE
ON THE SHIP!
>> Guame: DON’T GIVE ME THAT
CRAP, YOU IDIOT!
IT’S GOT TO BE THERE SOMEWHERE!
TEAR THE THING APART IF YOU
HAVE TO!
JUST FIND IT!
>> Beastman 2: Y‐‐YES, SIR!
>> Nia: WHY ARE YOU IN SUCH
A PANIC, GUAME?
YOU’RE FLUSTERED.
>> Guame: WHAT?
>> Nia: YOU’RE AFRAID OF HIM,
AREN’T YOU?
YOU’RE SCARED OF SIMON.
>> Guame: WHAT?
WHO THE HELL IS THAT?
>> Nia: SIMON IS THE BOY WHO
FIRST HELPED ME WHEN I WENT DOWN
TO THE SURFACE.
I MEAN THE BOY WHO’S ALWAYS
PROTECTING ME.
SIMON WILL NEVER LOSE TO THE
LIKES OF YOU!
>> Guame: I SEE. HE’S THAT
THING’S OPERATOR, ISN’T HE?
HEY!
FIND THE BOY NAMED SIMON
AMONG THE PRISONERS AND BRING
HIM TO ME!
>> Beastman 3: YES, SIR.
>> Guame: WHAT ABOUT THE
EXECUTIONS?
>> Beastman 2: EVERYTHING
IS READY.
>> Guame: EXCELLENT.
THE FIRST ONE WE WILL PUT TO
DEATH IS THIS SIMON BOY.
[Nia gasps]
>> Nia: I’LL NEVER LET YOU DO
THAT!
>> Guame: [laughs]
I’M THE ONE WHO GETS TO DECIDE
SUCH THINGS.
NOW, WHY DON’T YOU JUST BE
A GOOD LITTLE DISCARDED DOLL
AND DO WHAT I TELL YOU TO DO
FROM NOW ON!
>> Nia: I WON’T!
>> Guame: YOU DON’T SAY?
I’M AFRAID, IN THAT CASE,
YOU’LL HAVE TO DIE, TOO.
>> Nia: I WILL NOT!
>> Guame: YOU WHAT?
>> Nia: I MAY BE JUST ANOTHER
ONE OF HIS CASTOFF DOLLS,
BUT I’VE LEARNED SOMETHING
ON THE SURFACE!
>> Guame: WHAT IS THAT?
>> Nia: JUST AS SIMON BELIEVED
IN HIS BRO, I BELIEVE IN MY
SIMON!
>> Guame: SO, YOU WON’T YIELD,
NOT EVEN AT YOUR DEMISE.
YOU’RE TOO NAIVE.
I’VE LOST INTEREST IN YOU.
GOOD‐BYE!
[gunshot]
>> Guame: WHAT?
HOW?
>> Nia: I DON’T BELIEVE IT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE, GRA‐‐
[both scream]
>> Simon: NIA!
I’M HERE TO RESCUE YOU!
COME ON!
>> Nia: [tearfully] SIMON!
COME WITH US, GRAMPS.
HUH?
>> Guame: COME BACK!
>> Beastmen: GENERAL GUAME!
>> Guame: GET THAT MINI GUNMEN!
>> Simon: I’M SORRY I TOOK SO
LONG.
>> Nia: THAT’S OKAY.
>> Simon: I FIGURED IT OUT.
AND, WELL, I GUESS LAGANN
TOLD ME TOO.
AND NOW I UNDERSTAND!
>> Nia: SO DO I.
THANKS A LOT, SIMON!
SIMON, MOVE YOUR HANDS.
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Nia: THERE.
>> Simon: ALL RIGHT!
>> Guame: THIS IS WHY...
I ALWAYS SAY HUMANS ARE
SAVAGES!
>> Kittan: OH, CRAP!
>> Guame: CONSIDER THE TABLES
TURNED, HUMANS!
YOU’VE THROWN A WRENCH INTO MY
PLANS, SO NOW I’M GOING TO
EXECUTE YOU MYSELF!
THE SIGHT OF MY MIGHTY GEMBER
AND THAT OF YOUR OWN PATHETIC,
MISERABLE DEATHS WILL BE
PROJECTED ABOVE THE HEADS OF
EVERY HUMAN ON THE SURFACE!
>> Kittan: SAY WHAT, YOU BIG
BASTARD?
>> Rossiu: I’M THE ONE YOU’RE
GOING TO FIGHT!
>> Guame: YOU THINK THAT TOY
IS ANY MATCH FOR MY GEMBER?
>> Simon: AAH!
>> Guame: WHAT’S WRONG?
>> Kittan: WHAT THE‐‐
THAT THING’S EATING GURREN!
>> Guame: TAKE THAT AND THAT!
AND JUST A LITTLE MORE.
>> Simon: ROSSIU!
>> Rossiu: SIMON?
>> Simon: LET’S COMBINE!
>> Rossiu: YOU GOT IT!
>> Guame: DAMN IT !
IT’S THAT MINI GUNMEN!
I DON’T BELIEVE IT!
IS THIS THE GURREN LAGANN I’VE
HEARD ABOUT?
>> Simon: MY BRO IS DEAD.
HE’S GONE.
BUT HE’S RIGHT THERE ON MY BACK
AND HERE IN MY HEART!
HE LIVES ON AS A PART OF ME!
IF YOU’RE GONNA DIG, DIG TO
THE HEAVENS.
NO MATTER WHAT’S IN MY WAY, I
WON’T STOP.
ONCE I’VE DUG THROUGH, IT MEANS
THAT I’VE WON!
>> Guame: YOU WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
>> Simon: JUST WHO THE HELL DO
YOU THINK I AM?
I’M SIMON.
I’M NOT MY BRO.
I’M ME...
SIMON THE DIGGER!
>> Guame: SPARE ME YOUR
CHILDISH RANTING!
GEMBER PRESS!
>> Simon: FINISHING MOVE!
>> Kittan: NO WAY!
>> Yoko: THAT MOVE WAS A...
>> Simon: GIGA...
DRILL...
BREAK!
[cheering]
>> Guame: SOUND RETREAT!
RUN!
>> Nia: PLEASE, SIMON, THERE’S
SOMEPLACE THAT I’D LIKE YOU
TO TAKE ME.
THESE ARE ALL PRINCESSES
WHO WERE THROWN AWAY LIKE I WAS.
ALL THE GENERATIONS OF
THOSE WHO CAME BEFORE ME.
>> Kittan: YOU MEAN ALL
OF THESE?
>> Nia: I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE
THEM ALL A PROPER BURIAL
IN A SUNNY PLACE.
IF YOU COULD HELP...
>> Jorgun: YEAH!
>> Balinbow: YOU GOT IT!
>> Nia: ME, FATHER WAS MY
ENTIRE WORLD.
MY WHOLE LIFE, I’D BELIEVED IN
NO ONE BUT HIM,
RELIED ON NO ONE BUT HIM.
THAT’S WHY I WANTED SO
DESPERATELY TO BELIEVE IN HIM
UNTIL THE VERY END.
WHY IS IT WE WERE ALL BORN?
I WONDER.
>> Simon: NIA, HERE.
>> Nia: WHAT?
>> Simon: YOU CAN HAVE IT.
I FOUND IT WHILE I WAS
DIGGING EARLIER.
>> Nia: IT’S PRETTY!
>> Simon: IT’S HARD TO EXPLAIN,
BUT IT DOESN’T MATTER WHY YOU
WERE BORN OR WHAT YOU ARE.
THE NIA YOU ARE RIGHT HERE AND
NOW IS WHAT COUNTS.
THAT’S WHY YOU SHOULD GO ON
BEING YOURSELF.
AND I’LL JUST BE MYSELF TOO.
>> Kittan: YEAH, THAT’S MORE
LIKE IT.
THAT’S THE TEAM DAI‐GURREN WAY.
AIN’T THAT RIGHT, LEADER?
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Kittan: YOU’RE THE ONE.
THE ONE KAMINA PICKED FOR THE
JOB!
>> Yoko: YEP!
BUT I THINK THE SPEECH YOU GAVE
WAS PRETTY HALF‐ASSED, THOUGH.
>> Simon: WHAT?
H‐HEY, COME ON!
>> Kittan: YEAH, SHE’S RIGHT!
THAT NEEDS A LITTLE WORK!
>> Girl: THANK YOU SO MUCH!
>> Ron: I’VE INPUT THE LOCATION
OF THE CAPITAL.
ALL WE DO NOW IS KEEP GOING
STRAIGHT.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Nia: THE SALTY AIR, THE
BLAZING SUN‐‐THIS IS THE BEACH?
IS IT A LARGE POOL OF SOFT
WATER... OR A LARGE RESERVOIR
OF HARD FEELINGS?
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN...
"YOKO, WILL YOU DO ME A FAVOR?"